Walmart eCommerce is rapidly innovating to evolve and define the future state of shopping. With some of the brightest minds in technology, merchandising, marketing, supply chain, talent and more, we are reimagining the intersection of digital and physical shopping to help achieve that mission. Backed by the world’s largest retailer, Walmart eCommerce is a growing family of brands including Walmart, Jet and Hayneedle.  And we’re just getting

 started.



About the Role



As a Category Specialist, you
will be the end-to-end owner of managing, optimizing, and scaling a category of
products across our family of eCommerce brands. You will be at the center of
Walmart’s eCommerce Home Retail organization, equipped with the technology,
infrastructure, and comprehensive training to empower you to grow our business
from day one.



We’re hiring from coast to coast – join us in the San Francisco Bay area, New York Metro area, or the
Omaha Metro area.



What You’ll Do



Learn to Run an eCommerce Business from Day One



Be trained in all required skills, tools and systems to own
your category through our immersive 12-week training program



Be mentored by experienced leaders and industry experts who
will advise and help you succeed



Be part of a cohort: join a group of best-in-class peers
growing and learning alongside you. 



Grow Your Category and Deliver an Incredible Shopping Experience



Have It: Provide the best assortment of
products for our customers. Manage and monitor onboarding and item set up
process to make sure products are available and ready to sell.



Find It: Ensure customers can easily browse
and find the products they want. Improve navigation experience (browse/search)
by managing and enhancing product attributes and taxonomy.



Display It: Attract customers through
compelling messaging and visual merchandising. Manage item and category pages
including product imagery, rating reviews, basic and enhanced content.



Price It: Optimize item and category pricing,
providing competitive pricing for our customers. Manage product margins and
benchmark competitors.



Deliver It: Work cross-functionally to ensure
customers receive their products quickly and efficiently. Create a cohesive
experience between online shopping and the physical product.



Optimize It: Rinse and repeat. Conduct
regular analysis of category performance, identifying key trends and
improvement opportunities. Work with cross functional teams (across marketing,
product and supply chain) to execute initiatives to optimize category
performance.



How You’ll Work



You own it: Category Specialist are the business owners for a product category. Your job is to blend art with science,
combining your creative intuition, analytical skills, and passion for helping
our customers to create the best shopping experience.



You drive it: World-class interpersonal and
persuasion skills will be required as you will be collaborating with vendors
and coordinating cross-functional teams to make sure we sell what customers
want. You will need to start with the customer and work backwards, decoding
their needs and journeys.



You lead it: Have an idea? Go for it. You
will work within a world-class team of collaborative colleagues and have access
to industry-leading merchandising tools and technology to help test and
validate your ideas.



What You Should Have



As a Category Specialist, you will be the end-to-end owner of
managing, optimizing, and scaling a category of products across our family of
eCommerce brands. You will be at the center of Walmart’s eCommerce Home Retail
organization, equipped with the technology, infrastructure, and comprehensive
training to empower you to grow our business from day one.



We’re hiring from coast to coast – join us in the San Francisco
Bay area, New York Metro area, or the Omaha Metro area.



What You’ll Do



Learn to Run an eCommerce Business from Day One



Be trained in all required skills, tools and systems to own your
category through our immersive 12-week training program



Be mentored by experienced leaders and industry experts who will
advise and help you succeed



Be part of a cohort: join a group of best-in-class peers growing
and learning alongside you. 



Grow Your Category and Deliver an Incredible Shopping Experience



Have It: Provide the best assortment of products for our customers.
Manage and monitor onboarding and item set up process to make sure products are
available and ready to sell.



Find It: Ensure customers can easily browse and find
the products they want. Improve navigation experience (browse/search) by
managing and enhancing product attributes and taxonomy.



Display It: Attract customers through compelling messaging and visual
merchandising. Manage item and category pages including product imagery, rating
reviews, basic and enhanced content.



Price It: Optimize item and category pricing, providing competitive
pricing for our customers. Manage product margins and benchmark competitors.



Deliver It: Work cross-functionally to ensure customers receive their
products quickly and efficiently. Create a cohesive experience between online
shopping and the physical product.



Optimize It: Rinse and repeat. Conduct regular analysis of
category performance, identifying key trends and improvement opportunities.
Work with cross functional teams (across marketing, product and supply chain)
to execute initiatives to optimize category performance.



How You’ll Work



You own it: Category Specialist are the business owners for a product
category. Your job is to blend art with science, combining your creative
intuition, analytical skills, and passion for helping our customers to create
the best shopping experience.



You drive it: World-class interpersonal and persuasion skills will be
required as you will be collaborating with vendors and coordinating
cross-functional teams to make sure we sell what customers want. You will need
to start with the customer and work backwards, decoding their needs and
journeys.



You lead it: Have an idea? Go for it. You will work within a
world-class team of collaborative colleagues and have access to
industry-leading merchandising tools and technology to help test and validate
your ideas.



What You Should Have



Bachelor’s degree with a strong academic background



Strong analytical and critical thinking skills



A founder’s mentality and bias to action. Whatever challenge you
face, you find a way to solve it



Strong attention to detail; scrutinize your business and polish
the customer experience



Strong communication and team work skills. Nothing big can be
accomplished standing-alone in front of a computer



Ability to work in an ambiguous environment. You are a
fundamental building block to a growing organization



Negotiation and persuasion skills



Ability to learn quickly; absorbing information and experiences
and applying them



Previous internship or work experience is preferred



Travel as needed. Immigration sponsorship will not be available
for this position at this time.